<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: August 08, 2022</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We do not knowingly collect or use Your Personal data. This Privacy Policy has been inspired by the <a href="https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/" target="_blank">TermsFeed Privacy Policy Generator</a>.</p>
<h1>Interpretation and Definitions</h1>
<h2>Interpretation</h2>
<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h2>Definitions</h2>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Runeoversetter and the developers behind it.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the application; the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Runeoversetter.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h1>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h1>
<h2>Types of Data Collected</h2>
<h3>Personal Data</h3>
<p>While using Our Service, We will not ask You to provide Us with personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.</p>
<p>The Company may use Personal Data to attend and manage Your requests to Us, which means that by sending us an email you agree to let us save that emailaddress for a limited amount of time so that we can use that email to answer you.</p>
<h3>Usage Data</h3>
<p>Usage Data is not collected when using the Service.</p>
<p>We will not share Your personal information, as we do not collect it:</p>
<h2>Retention of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>The Company will not retain Your Personal Data or your Usage Data.</p>
<h1>Children's Privacy</h1>
<p>We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone, this also includes children under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information.</p>
<h1>Links to Other Websites</h1>
<p>Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.</p>
<p>We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</p>
<h1>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>We will update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy when the policy is changed.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>
<h1>Contact Us</h1>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
<li>By email: ortenkf@gmail.com</li>
</ul>
